index.md, before:

---
title: Home
layout: home
nav_order: 1
---

![Mockup]({{ '/assets/images/mockup3.webp' | relative_url }}){: style="max-height:300px; width:auto; display:block; margin:0 auto;" }

# Wallpaper Reactor

_Transform your desktop and mobile screens with live, reactive wallpapers._

{% include store-buttons.html %}

Wallpaper Reactor is a brand-new cross-platform live wallpaper application for all of your devices! The Android release can be found on the Google Play Store or the releases page, and the macOS version is coming soon.

## Features
### 💻📱 Cross-Platform
Use the same wallpapers across all of your mobile and desktop devices. Wallpaper Reactor supports Android and macOS, with more operating systems coming soon.

### 🚀 Advanced Wallpapers
Wallpaper Reactor supports advanced 3D and 2D wallpapers by utilizing the open-source Godot game engine. Many wallpaper types are supported, including videos, websites, scenes, Rive animations, and more.

### ⚡️ Performance & Battery Life
Easily change the performance profile of any wallpaper to maximize FPS, resolution, or battery. Out-of-the-box support for automatic pausing when in the background is included to stretch your battery.

### ☁️ Create Wallpapers Easily (Coming Soon)
Login to sync wallpapers with the cloud and use them on any device. Share wallpapers with the community or keep them private.

### 🖥️ Multi-Monitor Support
Support any number of connected monitors easily. You have the option to duplicate the same wallpaper on multiple screens, or select one for each.

Commit message:

Update site content for multi-platform support
Revised README, index, releases, and support pages to reflect availability of Wallpaper Reactor on Android, macOS, and Windows. Updated links and feature descriptions for clarity and accuracy.

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
layout: home
nav_order: 1
---

![Mockup]({{ '/assets/images/mockup3.webp' | relative_url }}){: style="max-height:300px; width:auto; display:block; margin:0 auto;" }

# Wallpaper Reactor

_Transform your desktop and mobile screens with live, reactive wallpapers._

{% include store-buttons.html %}

Wallpaper Reactor is a brand-new cross-platform live wallpaper application for all of your devices! Available now for Android, macOS, and Windows through the app stores above or on our releases page.

## Features
### 💻📱 Cross-Platform
Use the same wallpapers across all of your mobile and desktop devices. Wallpaper Reactor supports Android, macOS, and Windows.

### 🚀 Advanced Wallpapers
Wallpaper Reactor supports advanced 3D and 2D wallpapers by utilizing the open-source Godot game engine. Many wallpaper types are supported, including videos, websites, scenes, Rive animations, and more.

### ⚡️ Performance & Battery Life
Easily change the performance profile of any wallpaper to maximize FPS, resolution, or battery. Out-of-the-box support for automatic pausing when in the background is included to stretch your battery.

### ☁️ Create Wallpapers Easily (Coming Soon)
Login to sync wallpapers with the cloud and use them on any device. Share wallpapers with the community or keep them private.

### 🖥️ Multi-Monitor Support
Support any number of connected monitors easily. You have the option to duplicate the same wallpaper on multiple screens, or select one for each.
